The party exits quasi-space in the[[ Lodat System]]. They are presented with 2 planets, A imperial hostage planet and a desert planet with a large ocean. There is also another warp gate. The group decides to land on the desert planet and pretends to be in more trouble than they are in order to get pity and possibly some help from the people on the planet. When they met with these people though there is immediately an imperial dropship though, roll initiative. [[Dez]] fails a spell and runs away. [[Mep]] kills 5 people. [[Chaff]] damages the shuttle. [[Soalm]] is asleep the whole time.  The group after getting through this (an act that does leave an imperial spathy pilot in the middle of a desert by himself) leave the planet and head to the other warp station. 

Dock at the warp station no problem there is one other ship no noticeable security but there is a [[wolphax]] head on the wall. [[Soalm]] takes this to later give it a proper burial. Head to the main area of the station there is a human shop a [[meorcl]] meal hall and an [[ilitza]] brothel. Head to the [[human]] shop, get some information on the HRH heads and tails. Realize we have no money and go back to the dock. 

[[Dez]] uses his hack spell to open the other ship. [[Soalm]] goes inside and starts rummaging around, keeps most of what he finds on him but sends an imperial uniform he finds early on out to the group. In the last room, he finds an [[entowraith]] and an [[ilitza]] post fuck. They attack him but he is able to get out and [[Dez]] is able to lock the 2 inside. We now have money. Woo. We go back to the human shop with an objectively wetter man and get some supplies for the ship. We then get some food and the meat hall and decide it's time to skedaddle. Vent into the main control tower. More murder. We are able to get the warp gate on and head into [[Quasi-Space]].