Upon docking on her majesty’s [[Red Sword]] the crew decided to go down to the engine in hopes of finding something they could use to upgrade the ship, knowing this ship doesn’t use warps. They find a large array of [[pseudo ruby core]] and a fortified room that has been slashed through. Inside there is a human and a glukkt. The two are initially hostile towards the group until [[Dez]] holds up their toolbox offering help on whatever they’re working on.  The two open the door and ask where they came from and most importantly if they checked the ceiling. 

It is then that a mound of flesh drips from the hole in the ceiling and forms into the shape a Trex. Roll initiative. Mep gets obliterated. Dez gives it a second head. Chaff eats some of it once it's down. This gives them second sight. Don’t worry about this. They are finally able to talk to the [[human]] and the [[glukkt]] in the room. The group learns that the elevators are filled with flesh and there are balls terrorizing the ship. The human, Private [[Beckett]], and the [[glukkt]], [[Caducius]], don’t know what happened. What they do know is they don’t know how this engine works and the hanger is filled with bodies. The only other people they know are alive and aboard the ship are the chief science officer in the science wing and this weird guy whos creepy and not on the payroll and in the crew quarters. The party elects to find the weird guy first. 

They head into the hanger where there are indeed bodies. Who would have guessed? The group sees this blue orb pluck bodies off the ceiling resurrect them turn them into ice and then smashes them. Anyway. It accidentally rips a hole in the wall that leads to the science wing so we use that as its closer to the gunner deck that leads to the crew quarters. In the science wing, the group can see the CSO through a window along with an unlit portal, a tree with screaming faces, and a [[spathy]] skull on a spike. Another orb this one black with a technicolor cube inside comes inside probes the CSOs brain and leaves. [[Solam]] breaks the window and they head down. CSO is repairing something over and over in binary, which [[Chaff]] translates as **“don’t look into the red.”** 

We investigate the rest of the lab finding some glowing string. [[Dez]] tries to hack a terminal but gets the message **“sad cows don’t get terminal access”** and gets his hack spell disabled. The group grabs the CSO and decide to take him back to the engine room with [[Beckett]] and [[Caducius]]. In the hanger, [[Mep]] gets caught by the blue orb (**“Hello extremely!”**)  and has to talk his way out of it. 

They drop the CSO in the engine room so he can help [[Caducius]] work on the engine. Now the group actually goes find the weird dude in the crew quarters. They see the guy and chase him through the crew quarters ending up in a bunch of random rooms as he goes into them and then disappears. This leads [[Chaff]] to find some weird fluid ([[Avulco fluid]]) and drink it and have their first second sight vision (unrelated to fluid). Eventually, they catch up with the guy and oh boy is this a *disgusting man*. 

So his name is [[Dan]] and he is ancient and maybe not 3-dimensional who knows not me and certainly not the group. [[Dan]] gives them some vague as hell information. Tells the group the balls are the [[ORZ]] Mentions [[Todazh]] mentions [[The Climb]]. Takes the fluid. It's not fresh. The second [[ORZ]] gets angry at the mention of [[The Climb]] and [[Todazh]] and attacks the group. The group has a time to say the least. The air in the room turns to water. [[Dez]]’s feet turn to sand. [[Chaff]] grabs a door that turns into a spider. [[Mep]] gets shot by his own arrow. [[Soalm]] however has decided to fight god with concepts so. [[Soalm]] manages to scar this orz with the concept of a sword while [[Mep]] is bleeding out, [[Dez]] is crying, and [[Chaff]] is getting attacked by what once was a door. Somehow they all survive this. 

After this the group makes their way back towards the engine room through science wings. It is here that they can see the spathy skull on a spike is now screaming. The group take the skull of the spike and talks to him. His name is [[Pete]] <3. Neither the party nor [[Pete]] know how [[Pete]] is alive! They take him back to the engine room. [[Caducius]] recognizes him. Caducius and CSO have detached the hyper space drive so it can be hooked up on the skeld. 

The party with the additions of [[Beckett]], [[Caducius]], [[Pete]], and CSO make their way to the docking bay. Would you look at that it's [[Johnny]]. Surrounded up humanoid bats. Fun. [[Caducius]] and CSO keep pushing the [[hyperspace drive]] to the [[Skeld]]. [[Beckett]], [[Chaff]], [[Dez]], and [[Mep]] focus on the bats. [[Soalm]] is of couse ready to fight god. Man gets pushed in the 4th dimension. Ends up in [[Todazh]]. Sees a planet sized [[dragon]]. Gets sent to the [[Crystal Space]] by some form of divine intervention and met [[Balisentyrax]], the Queen of Emeralds. A black hole gets summoned during this and eaten my [[Johnny]]. Eventually [[Johnny]] disappears and the bats drop as [[Soalm]] reappears. The party is able to get onto the [[Skeld]] safely.