After leaving the warp station, the group was set to be in [[Quasi-Space]] for a few days. The group tired from how chaotic the last day(s?) has been spends some time recuperating. [[Mep]] tries to look up sporn (space porn) but is somehow so incapable of using the spinternet that he pulls up an imperial broadcast on every screen in the ship. It is an execution, specifically of the two shopkeeps that the group interacted with on the [[Warp Station]]. The commander after shooting them, states that no more bloodshed has to happen if we turn ourselves in, Pictures of the party show up on the screen of [[Dez]], [[Soalm]] in his disguise, [[Chaff]] with black scale paint, and a characature of [[Mep]] made to look more evil (he has killed 6+ people).  This broadcast sets the group on edge. Chaff, to deal with this intense moment, also looks up sporn, much more successfully. Dez goes to repair the shuttle. I forget what [[Mep]] and [[Soalm]] do. It's fairly quiet aboard the skeld all things considered. Until it isn’t. The ship gets knocked out of [[Quasi-Space]] and into the middle of [[Dead Space]]. 

Outside of the ship, there is almost nothing in sight, except, of course, her majestey's [[Red Sword]]. A ship known for its destruction, an omen of death. The group panicked, reasonably. They try to hail the ship to no avail before electing to turn off all systems, sans life support. This doesn't last long as an [[Imperial Spike]] has emerged from the dock of the [[Red Sword]] and is coming towards them. It’s not right tho. It's covered in this flesh and sports a large eyeball. It shots at the ship, launching several flesh spiders into the ship. The party does their best to defend against the flesh despite depleting oxygen. Dez is able to macgyver together a catalyzer beam to destroy the flesh controling the [[Imperial Spike]] which in turn causes the spiders to die as well. They investigate the flesh and are able to determine this is an amalgamation of several species. [[Chaff]] pulls some bone off of one of them to use as a sword. They decide to investigate the [[Red Sword]], if not just to see what happened to it, but to maybe find a way out of [[Dead Space]].